Improve support (#497)
updatecli/website: content/en/support/index.adoc

* We increase security by quickly identifying and removing outdated dependencies.
* We benefit from new Features from downstream dependencies.
* We benefit from bug fixing from downstream dependencies.
* It saves us a lot of time (later) by automating our dependencies update.

== Solution

The people behind Updatecli are Open-Source veterans working on many different projects such as Jenkins. And while we like to encourage open collaboration by making Updatecli as open as possible, we also want to be clear on how our project can help you to succeed.

=== OSS

Updatecli is an open-source project and we wish to keep it this way. We encourage all contributions to grow the project.
Our rule of thumb to know if a contribution should land in the Updatecli codebase, depends on the answer to "Does it benefits everybody?" If the answer is "Yes", then definitely it should be OSS. Otherwise, we have the "PRO" offer.

=== PRO

We understand that many organizations have specific requirements that could be solved by using a tool such as Updatecli. Updatecli has been designed to be flexible enough so we can provide those kinds of integrations.

> Feel free to reach out at mailto:contact@updatecli.io[contact@updatecli.io] to schedule a discussion.

Author: ```suggestion
Feel free to reach out at mailto:contact@updatecli.io[contact@updatecli.io] to have a chat.
```
